hi I'm Judith Jones food and travel
editor of the gourmet Travel ISTA and
today I'm going to show you how to make
tofu mayonnaise now if you're anything
like me I like to smother mayonnaise
over everything
I would probably brush my teeth with
mayonnaise if I could but it's probably
not the healthiest thing for me so today
I'm going to show you how to make a nice
high-protein mayonnaise using tofu so
let's start off with 200 grams of soft
or silken tofu now we're just gonna mash
that up nice and soft in our hands let's
get stuck in there because this is going
to be for blending so it's good to have
it a nice creamy consistency
once you've mush all your tofu then
we're gonna get four tablespoons of soy
milk and we're going to add that to the
mixture
so we'll put our tofu it's about 6
ounces of tofu and our so milk into the
blender this is gonna go wonderfully
with our tofu fries which we have made
earlier which you can check out how to
make on a video previous to this now
let's get mayonnaise and we're gonna do
teaspoons of Dijon mustard and then some
salt and black pepper to taste I'm gonna
use olive oil today and we're going to
put four tablespoons of that with it in
the blender
let's put our lid on and then we're just
gonna blend this until it gets nice and
smooth and creamy like a mayonnaise
texture we're blending at about a medium
speed to get it nice and creamy pretty
quickly there you go so the mayonnaise
should have blended nicely now get it to
a nice thick consistency and we're just
gonna pour it into a bowl so we can have
ready to use with our fries on burgers
whatever you want to use it on and there
you have it your tofu mayonnaise
thanks for watching everyone and don't
forget to subscribe and if you want to
see me doing a special dish then you can
email me at request at Mahalo calm
you